---
title: Writing
header:
    image: /assets/images/ship_vintage.png
---

I've always loved writing. Or so I've claimed. Let me rephrase that actually; I've always loved writing _for myself_. Thinking about things.
Considering ideas that would bore anyone but the stuffiest stuffer senseless, but I find fun to ponder nonetheless.
My mind is generally too scattered to stick to a train of thought for extended periods of time. So I write it out.
Writing up a scaffold supporting my thinking. I've filled many journals through this process.

But for all my love of writing I have never written anything public. I've done some writing for others, sure.
Technical reports, school work, research rapports -- fun stuff. Things without much room for flair or appeal.
Not really a modern Shakespeare.

I've been _wanting_ to write something more personal and public for years.
Perhaps it's a desire to emulate. I love a good story.
Nothing quite gets my attention like a good article or book, and there's few things I enjoy more than reading Wikipedia articles.
Obviously I'd love to be able to produce such things myself.
Of course -- reading is not the same thing as writing, and the best way to learn is to just get started.
Doing so publicly forces me to put in the effort.

But there's more to it than that.
Since youth I have had a hard time being genuine. Showing myself to the world without a snug blanket of irony and humor.
In that sense I hope this blog remains obscure, squatting on the internet like a unremembered box at the back of a storage unit.
But writing here will force me to do something which I am unfamiliar with: expressing my personal thoughts publicly for all to see.
It's a scary prospect, but exciting!

So. It'll be fun to write something that's meant to be read by others. Let's see where this ship takes us.
